Bahram/system requirements (#295)
foxglove/docs: docs/3-visualization/0-introduction.md

Filter logs by level (debug, info, warn, error) to troubleshoot.

## System requirements

> Foxglove data visualization requires Chrome v103+. Foxglove supports Windows, MacOS, and Linux on both web and Desktop. Go to [app.foxglove.dev](app.foxglove.dev) for the continuously deploye web application or [downloads](https://foxglove.dev/download) to get the latest desktop app for your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foxglove data visualization requires Chrome v103+. Foxglove supports Windows, macOS, and Linux on both web and desktop. Go to [app.foxglove.dev](app.foxglove.dev) for the always-updated web application or [Downloads](https://foxglove.dev/download) to get the latest desktop app for your machine.
```
